
# 🧉 Maté


## Modularize your deep learning project to improve reproducibility

The following commands work within a mate project folder, that is, where the `mate.json` file is located. This file will be generated by the `init` command (see below).

--- 

## Cli Parser

Mate's cli parser is a simple parser that parses the command line arguments and calls the appropriate method on the Mate class.

Notice that for boolean arguments, you can use either false or False, true or True. And for None you can use either null or None.

**Example**

```
mate init my_project venv=false
```


--- 

```
mate clone <source_model> <target_model>
```

**Params**
- source_model : `str` :  Path to the source model
- target_model : `str` :  Path to the target model


Clones a module

---

```
mate create <path> <name>
```

**Params**
- path : `str` :  Path to the module to create
- name : `str` :  Name of the module to create


Creates a new module

---

```
mate export <source>
```

**Params**
- source : `str` :  Path to the object to export


Exports a function/class from a module

---

```
mate init <project_name> <params>
```

**Params**
- project_name : `str` :  Name of the project
- params : `str` :  Parameters to pass to the project. These are the same key-value pairs that are in the `mate.json` file (check out that section).



Creates a new mate project in the current folder.

**Example**

```
mate init my_fancy_project venv=false
```

---

```
mate install <url>
```

**Params**
- url : `str` :  URL to the package to install


Installs a module from url. The URL must be a git repository and point to the full path of the module.


---

```
mate md 
```

**Params**



Prints the markdown documentation of the project

---

```
mate pip <commands>
```

**Params**
- commands : `str` : 


Executes inside the python venv

```
mate pip install numpy
```

---

```
mate remove <target>
```

**Params**
- target : `str` :  Path to the module to remove



Removes a module

---

```
mate rename <path> <name>
```

**Params**
- path : `str` :  Path to the module to rename
- name : `str` :  New name of the module



Renames a module.

---

```
mate results 
```

**Params**



Prints results

---

```
mate run <experiment_name> <command>
```

**Params**
- experiment_name : `str` :  Name of the experiment to run
- command : `str` :  Command to run



Runs an experiment with the given command

---

```
mate show <path>
```

**Params**
- path : `str` :  Path to the module to show


Shows information about a module or experiment.

---

```
mate summary <optional svg>
```

**Params**
- svg : `bool` : =False


Prints a summary of the mate project.

---

```
mate venv <command>
```

**Params**
- command : `str` :  Command to run in the virtual environment


Executes inside the python venv

---
